# Codefundoo_Project
---------------------------------------------------------Alarming System Model------------------------------------------------------------
In rural India, and even in urban areas, people are unaware of the upcoming disasters. Suppossing a family sleeps at ten in the night, and at twelve, an earthquakre hits in a nearby state and it is coming for them, how are they to know? Surely, nobody sleeps with the news on, and we doubt that would help. Also, most people that are affected in such natural disasters are often uninformed, for the news is always covering the events that led to the disaster and the aftermath and not where it might hit next. Regarding this practical concern, the affected population has hardly any prior information. Not to mention the people who drive. Most prefer to play their own songs than the radio. Who knows if they are driving straight into their oblivion?
That is why we propose an algorithm, that can take data from all sorts of media, from facebook to news websites, and apply sentiment analysis to rate the imminence of the danger according to its location. We further plan to use this sentiment, along with other geo-statistical data (like the distance of the epicentre of the quake or focal point of the flood from the place our algorithm is calculating from, and things like seismic wave data), fed into a neural network in an ensembled classifer that predicts the danger levels and the threat ('quake', 'flood', etc) and notfies the user that it may hit soon (display the expected collision time, etc). This algorithm can then be used together with a hardwired circuit to produce actual sirens and alarms where it might be necessary (like homes, and schools, or other public places). If it is engineered right, we believe it can save many lives.
